Create ui-c8y-1023-10-0-prefer-local-storage-over-inventory-storage-for-user-preferences-and-only.md (#3991)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1023-10-0-prefer-local-storage-over-inventory-storage-for-user-preferences-and-only.md

---
date: ""

> title: prefer local storage over inventory storage for user preferences and only use inventory storage as last fallback (#10488)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: User preferences now retrieved from local storage with inventory storage as fallback
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-65477
version: 1023.10.0
---

> Co-authored-by: Tristan Bastian <tristan.bastian@cumulocity.com>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The retrieval logic of the user preferences contained an issue. For the affected user the user preferences were correctly stored in the local storage, but the retrieval logic was looking for the corresponding values only inside of the inventory.
This caused the stored user preferences to not take any effect for certain users.
```

---
date: ""

> title: User preferences now retrieved from local storage with inventory storage as fallback

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: User preferences now retrieved from local storage
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-65477
version: 1023.10.0
---

> The retrieval logic of the user preferences contained an issue. For the affected user the user preferences were correctly stored in the local storage, but the retrieval logic was looking for the corresponding values only inside of the inventory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Previously, there was an issue in the retrieval logic of the user preferences. For affected users, the user preferences were correctly stored in the local storage, but the retrieval logic only looked for corresponding values in the inventory. This issue has been fixed, and user preferences are now retrieved from the local storage with the inventory storage as fallback.
```
